So what good fall between the cracks when moving. You know, at this point,
there's a lot of checklists that you can use that you can get from
your moving company. Also, Navy has those. So I would use those
checklist. I would also go to the Internet and downloaded checklists
on Jack the checklist. That's no one to help you with your you smiles
for another, you know, as you try to make sure you get something,
something you do forget. Four. If you pack something in, you know,
Did he move? That really should have won it a long term storage. You
know, it's gonna happen. So try to get over it, right? Not to. But
it's boiled too much and move on to the next part of the adventure that
I focus on that and not this wall for things that happened because
they are going